# Privacy Policy

TechQuests.dev is committed to safeguarding the privacy of its users
and takes pride in offering robust privacy protections that set us
apart from other services. In an era where apps often gather extensive
personal information under the guise of being <em>“free”</em>,
TechQuests.dev stands firm in its dedication to user privacy.

## What information does TechQuests.dev collect?

By default, TechQuests.dev does not collect any information from
users. We do not employ tracking, metrics, or any other form of data
collection. The only exception involves minimal data collection
necessary to facilitate specific functionalities of the service you
choose to engage with.

For instance, when using TechQuests.dev, we may try to learn your
first name from your device to personalize your experience, such as
providing you the option to set a Player Name if applicable. Your
Player Name is flexible and can be changed at any time via the
settings menu. In cases where connectivity is necessary (e.g.,
multiplayer features), your current Player Name may be communicated to
our server solely for functional purposes. We ensure that data
temporarily stored during active sessions is deleted promptly upon
completion, typically within 30 minutes.

## How is this information used?

Any data collected by TechQuests.dev is solely for facilitating the
operations of our services. We do not retain this data beyond
necessary interaction and it is never shared with external parties or
used for any purpose other than enhancing your experience.

## What information is shared?

TechQuests.dev maintains a stringent policy that no user information
is shared with third parties under any circumstances. Our commitment
to privacy includes restricting data usage solely to support the
functionality you access directly through our services.

Should you have any questions or require further clarification about
our privacy practices, feel free to contact us. We are dedicated to
ensuring your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
